# SaaS Builder Toolkit for AWS Workshop

> For a detailed step by step walkthrough, click [this link](https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/edc9cdde-87b1-4da3-8db8-ac0667b87cb6/en-US) to follow along in a workshop.

In this workshop, you will walk through the development of a multi-tenant Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution using the [SaaS Builder Toolkit for AWS (SBT)](https://github.com/awslabs/sbt-aws) . SBT is an open-source toolkit designed to streamline and accelerate the development of SaaS applications by encapsulating best practices and common patterns into reusable components. As SaaS continues to dominate the software delivery model, the ability to rapidly deploy and scale applications becomes increasingly crucial. SBT utilizes the robust AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) to provide developers with high-level object-oriented abstractions, enabling a focus on building unique features rather than managing the underlying infrastructure.

This workshop guide is structured into five comprehensive labs (with two optional ones), each aimed at enhancing your understanding and skills in utilizing the SBT to its full potential. By the end of this workshop, you will have built a fully functional SaaS application. It's important to note that prior knowledge of SBT is not required for this workshop. Instead, you can use this workshop as a step-by-step guide to gain a deeper understanding of the SBT components, enhancing your ability to effectively utilize these tools in building scalable SaaS solutions.
